Contributing (#230)
vacp2p/rfc: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

Thanks for wanting to contribute to Vac specs!

## Issues and PRs

Open an issue with a problem statement and suggested approach, where relevant, and a PR that links to this issue.

If it is a minor cosmetic change this can be pushed as a PR directly.

To make sure people don't miss your PR, ask for review from people of the Vac team in the PR.

## Spec lifecycle

> Every spec has its own lifecycle that shows its maturity. We indicate this in a similar fashion to [COSS Lifecycle](https://rfc.unprotocols.org/spec:2/COSS/):

Reviewer: The COSS Lifecycle link has been broken for me for some time. It may be temporary, but I refer to the docs on GitHub directly [here](https://github.com/unprotocols/rfc/blob/master/2/README.md)

Reviewer 2: yeah, doesn't work for me either

> Every spec has its own lifecycle that shows its maturity. We indicate this in a similar fashion to [COSS Lifecycle](https://rfc.unprotocols.org/spec:2/COSS/):

Author: ```suggestion
Every spec has its own lifecycle that shows its maturity. We indicate this in a similar fashion to [COSS Lifecycle](https://github.com/unprotocols/rfc/blob/master/2/README.md):
```

Yeah something weird with that URL, updated link to GH.
